so funny story... I was looking through the wedding photos and I definitely blacked out way earlier than I thought
there was some sort of old man giving a speech? and a dancing line it looks like that I apparently was a part of, and those wavy streamer things
haha, all I know is the end of the reception and beginning of the afterparty have a lot of unanswered questions
to my knowledge that was consentual... although I still don't remember hitting on her at all, just her randomly making out with me outside
hey man, don't sleep all morning in someone else's hotel room while like 30 people are making plans to travel into boston and then get up at the last possible second and ask your one night stand for a ride an hour in the other direction lol
I was totally prepared to drive her if it was a last resort
she asked me at like 10 am for a ride to boston, so I said I knew a bunch of other people were heading there so I'd check around for her and if nobody was around I would drive her
and I totally talked to her later to make sure she got there ok, and apologized for not driving her myself haha
how was it worse? that's crazy
most of you would have done the same
did you not believe me when i told you those? haha of course i did that
haha
i will be working, so sadly i won't be there saturday
ok
nope
also forgot the whole condom thing.  really poor life choices
don't say it
don't even go there scott
haha, no, it probably all dripped out on kirks car
and she wasn't a child, shes like 23ish
ok Stephanie does not need to know
plus the way girls talk she might already know
i mean they are like bffs
haha, so remember how i don't remember everything? I'm not entirely sure if i finished or not
yeah so theres a 50/50 shot i passed out and it was just a little raw dogging
haha i know i found out the next day we have a ton in common and shes pretty cool
but she lives in nyc
i plan on it
i go in for 3, and i'll be there till like 1 or 2am
i would say everyone should come draft here, but that would probably get me fired
and we have really shitty wifi here, like its the worst
welcome to the party brad, finally someone who understands
fyi according to my sources Kerry went to Harvard, so clearly that school is overrated if she made the mistake of sleeping with me
good point, i should try this more often
omg guys we're friends now!!!
once i get something in mind, it's very hard to stop
if you get in the way, I'm not responsible for any raw dogging collateral damage
why must we assign blame
it really sounds worse that it was guys. i didn't rape or impregnate anyone
i do have memory of the sex. if you must now, she was loud. simon was in the next room and could confirm
if she is actually pregnant and i have a kid in 9 months this will be much less funny
and i spend a lot of time with my laptop on my crotch looking at porn. that's bad right?
i think we can all agree the odds that i passed out and didn't cum inside her are fairly high
Justin you are my messiah. i will now go forth and spread more seed than you will ever know
